Don't you want me to get pregnant?
I hope I dream of it
Shouldn't you be happy that I'm pregnant?
This is our baby.
Is our prince
What are you afraid of?
No nonsense
Even a son
It can only be a prince
I see.
You didn't stay with me because you loved me
It's because I'm a flute
And now you want to be the princess
You want to be queen in the future
So what if I was?
You should plan everything for me
I'm going to rest first
And so forth.
Your clothes
Next month's letter, right?
Then I'll change my clothes
But you have already reported to your father
You are pregnant
How do you explain it next?
No need to explain
You don't say I don't say
Who knows my monthly letter?
The palace will never rip off my pants and look at me
It seems that the princess was right
He doesn't love me.